README.md, before:

#Recap of what we learnt about the terminal

##BASH

in regards to bash we learnt various commands which would allow us to make use of the terminal for effective logging of projects and ease of access for creating directories and creating files within them.

below i will show all the commands we have learnt in a list and describe what they are used for:

1. man ls: this is the command for bringing up the help manual incase you need help for general commands
2.pwd: is used to viewing which location you are currently operating your terminal within, this can be especially useful for double checking you are in the correct directory for making changes etc.
3.ls, ll, ll / a: these commands are all used for viewing which files or directories you can access within your current location and which paths you can take.
4.cd <location>: allows you to access specific paths/files that are available within your current location
5.cd ..: this command allows you to go back to your previous location
6.mkdir <path>: this command allows you to create a new directory for you to access, this is normally used when you want to start a new project and need a directory for all your project files.
7.touch <path>: this allows you to create files within your current location/directory
8.cd ~: this command takes you back out of you current location to the complete start where your terminal will usually load up in
9.

Commit message:

i have finished all the information within the list for bash and created a new sub heading called git

README.md, after:

#Recap of what we learnt about the terminal

##BASH

in regards to bash we learnt various commands which would allow us to make use of the terminal for effective logging of projects and ease of access for creating directories and creating files within them.

below i will show all the commands we have learnt in a list and describe what they are used for:

1. man ls: this is the command for bringing up the help manual incase you need help for general commands
2.pwd: is used to viewing which location you are currently operating your terminal within, this can be especially useful for double checking you are in the correct directory for making changes etc.
3.ls, ll, ll / a: these commands are all used for viewing which files or directories you can access within your current location and which paths you can take.
4.cd <location>: allows you to access specific paths/files that are available within your current location
5.cd ..: this command allows you to go back to your previous location
6.mkdir <path>: this command allows you to create a new directory for you to access, this is normally used when you want to start a new project and need a directory for all your project files.
7.touch <path>: this allows you to create files within your current location/directory
8.cd ~: this command takes you back out of you current location to the complete start where your terminal will usually load up in
9.cd /: this command takes you to the root directory
10.rm <file>: this command allows you to delete files, however you must be careful as once a file is deleted there is no way to get it back
11.rm -rf <folder>: this command allows you to delete a directory, however again this is not recoverable
12.clear: this command just clears the terminal history
13.echo 'string': this command allows you to push something into a file
14.cat <file>: this command allows you to view the contents within a file

##git
